README.md, before:

# WIP ofxPDSPTools

**Work in progress**    

High level modules and tools to use with [ofxPDSP](https://github.com/npisanti/ofxPDSP). Like Synth, Synth parameters, patch saving/loading, UI helpers ... 

Not sure of everything yet, code can change at any moment.

Project started to understand Software Synthetises, reshape in C++ and explore OF.

## Dependencies & Thank's

Thanks to [OpenFrameworks](https://openframeworks.cc/), [npisanti](https://github.com/npisanti), [ocornut](https://github.com/ocornut), [jvcleave](https://github.com/jvcleave) for there super works.

This addon relies on other libraries :

- [ofxPDSP](https://github.com/npisanti/ofxPDSP)
- [ImGui (fork)](https://github.com/MacFurax/imgui)
- [ofxImGui (fork)](https://github.com/MacFurax/ofxImGui)


# Synth

Substractive synth with few different type of voices

# Synth Params & Patchs

Use ofxParameter and ofPrarameterGroup to allow easy patch save/load and pathing to pdsp::Patchable.

# UI Helpers

Provide a layout over ofPrarameterGroup independent of UI tool. Provides drawer for different UI Tool, for now only ofxImGui

Commit message:

Start converting to Visual Studio Solution

README.md, after:

# WIP ofxPDSPTools

**`Work in progress`**    

High level modules and tools to use with [ofxPDSP](https://github.com/npisanti/ofxPDSP). Like Synth, Synth parameters, patch saving/loading, UI helpers ... 

Not sure of everything yet, code can change at any moment.

Project started to understand Software Synthetises, reshape in C++ and explore OF.

## Dependencies & Thank's

Thanks to [OpenFrameworks](https://openframeworks.cc/), [npisanti](https://github.com/npisanti), [ocornut](https://github.com/ocornut), [jvcleave](https://github.com/jvcleave) for there super works.

This addon relies on other libraries :

- [ofxPDSP](https://github.com/npisanti/ofxPDSP)
   - ofxOsc
   - [ofxMidi]()
   - [ofxAudioFile]()
- [ImGui (fork)](https://github.com/MacFurax/imgui)
- [ofxImGui (fork)](https://github.com/MacFurax/ofxImGui)
- ofxXmlSettings

## Compile

I can only test on Windows with Visual Studio 2017/2019.

You need to declare a environment variable call `OF_ROOT` the point to the OF folder.
